README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
   🚧 React Boilerplate [WIP] 🏗
</h1>

<p align="center">
  React ❤️styled component ❤️Jest ❤️webpack ❤️ JavaScript Standard Style ❤️stylelint
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org">
    <img alt="Travis build status" src="https://api.travis-ci.org/marco-streng/react-boilerplate.svg?branch=master">
  </a>
  <a href="https://standardjs.com">
    <img alt="JavaScript Standard Style" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg">
  </a>
</p>

## Motivation

First of all: I love [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).  It's a fantastic tool, especially if you use it the way it's intended. 

In my case I like to work with [styled component](https://www.styled-components.com/) and [Standard](https://standardjs.com/). This is of course also possible with CRA via detours (e.g. [react-app-rewired](https://github.com/timarney/react-app-rewired)), but CRA loses something of its advantage and concept.

I want to understand what happens under the hood, understand what webpack does. I want to learn, try out, be flexible.

## Resources

* https://reactjs.org/
* https://www.styled-components.com/
* https://jestjs.io/
* https://webpack.js.org/
* https://standardjs.com/
* https://stylelint.io/

## License

Copyright (c) 2019-present Marco Streng. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE.md) for details.

Commit message:

Add usage instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
   🚧 React Boilerplate [WIP] 🏗
</h1>

<p align="center">
  React ❤️styled component ❤️Jest ❤️webpack ❤️ JavaScript Standard Style ❤️stylelint
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org">
    <img alt="Travis build status" src="https://api.travis-ci.org/marco-streng/react-boilerplate.svg?branch=master">
  </a>
  <a href="https://standardjs.com">
    <img alt="JavaScript Standard Style" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg">
  </a>
</p>

## Motivation

First of all: I love [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).  It's a fantastic tool, especially if you use it the way it's intended. 

In my case I like to work with [styled component](https://www.styled-components.com/) and [Standard](https://standardjs.com/). This is of course also possible with CRA via detours (e.g. [react-app-rewired](https://github.com/timarney/react-app-rewired)), but CRA loses something of its advantage and concept.

I want to understand what happens under the hood, understand what webpack does. I want to learn, try out, be flexible.

## Usage

↗️ **Click the geen "Use this template" button in the top right corner.**

Alternative way:

```
$ mkdir boilerplate && cd boilerplate
$ curl -fsSL https://github.com/marco-streng/react-boilerplate/archive/master.tar.gz | tar -xz --strip-components 1
```

## Resources

* https://reactjs.org/
* https://www.styled-components.com/
* https://jestjs.io/
* https://webpack.js.org/
* https://standardjs.com/
* https://stylelint.io/

## License

Copyright (c) 2019-present Marco Streng. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE.md) for details.
